The first thing I like to do on weekends is relaxing. I think I'll go shopping if I'm not that tired.
Since I just started my job, I think it's very important to get a good sleep during your weekend because when you have to work on Monday through Friday, the whole week, you are very tired.
There are many books that I find interesting such as fashion magazines, inspirational books, and professional books. These books can give me the motivation to be healthier and energetic.
You would be surprised to know that I have tried all the restaurants in our huge community.
So when each time a friend comes to the city to enjoy time with me, I will give them the top five restaurants based on this ranking.
Well, the world is so small. Actually, last year, I was visiting a client during my work time and on the way back.
Because when you have to work Monday through Friday the whole week, you're very tired. So getting a good rest is as important as completing an excellent job.
Sometimes I try to organize something for my friends, volunteer at the Buddhist temple on the weekend, or I can just walk around enjoying the sunshine.
So we were both very surprised to see one another. Wow, look! Why are you here? Long time no see!
It's a fantastic film. It captured many young people's hearts with its amazing music and sentimental plots.
When I think of the movie Titanic, the word that comes to my mind summarizes the whole film would be love.
He falls in love with a girl who is dying. There are a lot of enviable moments in this film.
I normally get angry when a speedy, rash driving vehicle crosses me on road, or someone with a high-pitched, modified exhaust system.
And she said that her sons, exams, were going on and that's why she needs money to spend on him.
They can say or do whatever they feel there. However, the internet also allows for people to have a platform to harass people.
Even without the supervision of law, I hope you all protect yourselves, when you send messages to people.